feat(.github/actions): add `is-release-in-progress-v1` action (#27)
dequelabs/axe-api-team-public: .github/actions/is-release-in-progress-v1/README.md

# is-release-in-progress-v1

> A GitHub Action to determine if a parent GHA should continue to run or stop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A GitHub Action to determine if the repository already has a release pr open
```

## Inputs

| Name          | Required | Description         |
| ------------- | -------- | ------------------- |
| `githubToken` | yes      | GitHub Secret Token |

## Outputs

| Name                  | Description                                         |
| --------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
| `isReleaseInProgress` | `true` if an open RC or a release PR already exists |

## Example usage

```yaml
uses: dequelabs/axe-api-team-public/.github/actions/is-release-in-progress-v1@main
with:

>   githubToken: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}

Reviewer 2: I think to stay consistent with other GHA we should follow [kebab casing](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/snake-case-vs-camel-case-vs-pascal-case-vs-kebab-case-whats-the-difference/#kebab-case) instead of camel case when using the action in yml
